What are you most excited for today? Big or small.
What would feel best to fully accept in this current moment?
What can you create during this time with exactly what you have? Big or small.
What's the most fun you've had during this time?
What's the most valuable lesson this time has taught you so far?
What's been the hardest part of all this for you?
What movie do you wish you'd never seen so you can watch it for the first time during quarantine?
What's been the kindest thing someone has done for you during this time? What's the kindest thing you've done for yourself?
When quarantining is behind us, what change do you want to make in your day to day life, if any?
What is your defining characteristic?
What's your fathers name and one thing about him?
How are you really?
What is the last thing you lied to your mom about?
What's the most pain you've ever been in that wasn't physical?
What's the most unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?
What have the past few weeks taught you?
What have I tolerated from people in the past that I no longer have space for?
Something that brought a smile to my face this week was ____.
What are you feeling a lot of lately?
What do you need right now but aren't communicating?
What are you currently working through that others don't see?
What was your biggest turning point in your dating life?
What are you overthinking right now?
What did your last relationship teach you about yourself?
What belief about yourself no longer serves you?
Who in your life can you be most vulnerable with?
Which one of your parents personality traits do you want to keep/let go of?
Think of someone you admire. Why did this person come to mind?
Are you lying to yourself about anything?
What's your favorite part of yourself that isn't physical?
What's the hardest part of dating you?
What do you need to forgive yourself for?
What's the hardest lesson you've learned in love?
When you're asked how are you, how often do you answer truthfully?
If MySpace were still a thing, what would my profile song be?
What is your most toxic trait you can admit to?
What is your heart telling you?
Who in your life deserve the biggest thank you? Let them know if you can.
What can you be kinder towards yourself for today?
What's your mothers name and the most valuable lesson she's taught you thus far?
What are you still trying to prove to yourself?
What have you been taking for granted lately?
Is there a feeling you miss?
WILDCARD: Admit something.
If you could have it your way: who would you be with? Where would you be? And what would you be doing?
What do you need to hear right now?
What about yourself is hard to admit?
What's one thing you can do to be a better person?
What question did this week/month/year leave you with?
What lesson should you have learned by now?
What dating advice would you give yourself?
What title would you give this chapter in your life?
When was the last time you felt most yourself?
What part of your life works? What part of your life hurts?
What been your happiest memory this past year?
What would you never want to change about yourself?
When was the last time you were able to use your pain to help someone else?
Are you missing anyone right now? Do you think they are missing you too?
What do you think my main love language is?
What's the hardest truth you had to face this year?
What's a feeling you're uncomfortable sharing with me?
What brought you the most unexpected joy recently?
What was the lesson from your most recent painful experience?
I know I'm in love when ____.
Draw a picture together. (30 seconds)
What about me is hardest for you to understand?
Have I ever challenged your worldview? How so?
Have you changed your mind about anything recently?
What's your favorite song lyric you can think of off the top of your head?
How did you get over your first love?
What's the best lesson an ex has ever taught you?
What do you need right now, more than anything?
When was the last time you felt lucky to be you?
When do you feel most optimistic?
What has being single/in a relationship taught you about yourself, if anything?
What's been keeping you sane lately?
How would you describe the feeling of being in love in one word?
Do you think I fall in love easily? Why or why not.